Add a cleanup procedure for aborted installation (#389)
clastix/kamaji: docs/content/getting-started.md

!!! note "A managed datastore is highly recommended in production"
     The [kamaji-etcd](https://github.com/clastix/kamaji-etcd) project provides the code to setup a multi-tenant `etcd` running as StatefulSet made of three replicas. Optionally, Kamaji offers support for a more robust storage system, as `MySQL` or `PostgreSQL` compatible database, thanks to the native [kine](https://github.com/k3s-io/kine) integration.

Now you should end up with a working Kamaji instance, including the default `datastore`:

```bash
kubectl -n kamaji-system get pods
NAME                         READY   STATUS      RESTARTS      AGE
etcd-0                       1/1     Running     0             50s
etcd-1                       1/1     Running     0             60s
etcd-2                       1/1     Running     0             90s
kamaji-7949578bfb-lj44p      1/1     Running     0             12s
```

> !!! tip 
>      Unsuccessful first installation can happen, because, for example, missing the `StorageClass` or even, a trivial `Ctrl+C` during the installing. See [Cleanup](#cleanup) section before to retry an aborted installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> An unsuccessful first installation could fail for several reasons, such as missing a `StorageClass`, or even for a trivial `Ctrl+C` during the installation phase.
>
> See the [Cleanup](#cleanup) section before to retry an aborted installation. 
```
